# Knowledge check: User input and forms

1. When the user clicks the submit button of the following form, what will happen? Select all that apply. 
    ```html
    <form method="POST">
        <input type="text" name="username">
        <input type="password" name="password">
        <button type="submit">Log In</button>
    </form>
    ``` 
    - The browser will block the form submission.
    - The browser will still allow form submission.
    - The server-side will prevent the processing of the request if server-side validation is implemented.
    - It will use the resources of the server unnecessarily.
    ```
    Answer: 
    The browser will still allow form submission
    The server-side will prevent the processing of the request if server-side validation is implemented
    It will use the resources of the server unnecessarily
    ```
    
2. What attribute should be added to the ```<input>``` element to ensure the user provides a response? 
    - autocomplete
    - required
    - placeholder
    - pattern
    ```
    Answer: required
    ```
    
3. What is the risk of using the HTTP GET method for form submission? Check all that apply. 
    - The web address may exceed the maximum length accepted by the web server.
    - The form data will be sent insecurely.
    - The form data will be stored in the browser history.
    ```
    Answer: 
    The web address may exceed the maximum length accepted by the web server
    The form data will be sent insecurely
    The form data will be stored in the browser history
    ```
    
4. Which of the following is a framework that provides CSS rules for forms and visual consistency? Check all that apply.
    - Tailwind CSS
    - Boilerplate
    - Foundation
    - Bootstrap
    ```
    Answer: 
    Tailwind CSS
    Foundation
    Bootstrap
    ```
    
5. The web browser sends a ____ to the web server, and the web server sends back a ____. This is done by means of the HTTP ____ method which accepts values as part of the URL or the HTTP ____ method which submits the values in our form as part of the request. Fill in the blank with the correct order from the options below:  
    A. GET  
    B. POST  
    C. Request  
    D. Response 
    ```
    Answer: CDAB
    ```
    
6. Which of the following values can fill the blank? The form action attribute consists of _____ as values. Select all that apply. 
    - HTTP Requests
    - form status
    - Relative URL
    - Absolute URL
    ```
    Answer: 
    Relative URL
    Absolute URL
    ```